Random stories I made in my spare time <3

# Meteor Shower

Crying, complaining and whinging echoed through the house as though it was a screaming bleat echoing its screams through a cave. A verbal fight was currently live, insulting and blabbering nonsense to try and trigger Cole as he reacts back but still pinpoint focused on his videogame, “When will you stop? It’s my game, you didn’t buy it.”
Angela stood up in front like the Eiffel tower towering Cole and Hannah, “You must stop your bickering, it will cause internal knots, and you don’t want that, do you?”
The two sat down in pity frowning away from each other, Angela sighs in exhaustion like a steam train running without coal. Angela took the remote and switched the tv off making sure that Cole and Hannah took a meditation session and diminishing any distractions. Angela noticed a shift in colour and brought the two of them outside to admire the phenomenon. A wave of orange pigments filled the sunset gaze wrapping the earth’s atmosphere. A cloud ring ripples in the sky with red particles emerging from white fluffiness as a rock like mountain comes falling down at unmeasurable speeds hitting a town near the residential housing that reside by the family’s home. A spark of fear and endangerment injects into their last supply of adrenaline rush. Debris of metals and scraps fled from the pool of molten rock that it reached to the other side of town like spears been thrown in the age of chivalry. Sonic booms start to multiply in the sky breaking the sound barrier, ringing in hears that were heard for kilometres simultaneously each direction of a compass. Dozens and dozens of meteorites surpassed the atmosphere protective barrier igniting the downfall of humankind as gas starts to spread like wildfire. Angela experienced fatigue and drowsiness causing her to fall to her knees and cough up blood that smelt like raw iron, collapsing into Cole’s and Hannah’s arms. Tears falling down their eyes like jewels reflecting the lights of hope, their eyes polymorphed into crystal like shapes, tearing their hearts apart. They dragged Angela on a used rug to safety and ran to grab a defibrillator to try and resurrect Angelas heartbeat. Rubbing the cold metal together, “Clear!” shouted Cole as they tried to jump start her heart.
A groaning and grunting sound peeked from the mouth of Angela sparking hope in Cole and Hannah, yet they still argued. They are arguing on who saved her and thought of the plan to use the defibrillator which caused some strains on Angelas condition while finally waking up. A bombardment of many missiles go out and try and destroy the rocks while they fall, yet to no prevail it failed. Instead a huge meteorite that could technically be considered as a comet with mystical purple glow emanating from the outer shell goes on course straight to the three. Scared they froze in place then they realised. Cole took back his composure and stood up loud and proud commanding Angela and Hannah to follow him, they ran to another shelter to avoid but was too big to run away from, as they saw a helicopter they jumped and shouted to gain the pilots attention, an explosion occurred, the helicopter are now scraps and all is left is the burnt corpse which changed the trajectory of the comet like off course crashing into a hospital. A military copter came in swiftly and dropped the ladder, they climbed up off to a meteorite and heat protected bunker with many other injured survivors, paramedics are on standby and police officers maintaining order. Cole and Hannah went on their knees to Angela begging for forgiveness, “We are so sorry Angel, we didn’t know how incompetent we were being, and we didn’t know how much stress we put on you. We promise to be good from now on. Promise.”
Angela chuckled and proudly forgave them and gave them a big hug, “I know you guys won’t disappoint me…”
